Create detailed subctl guide. (#131)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/deployment/subctl.en.md

(or `KUBECONFIG` env var) and the `--kubecontext` flag as the Broker. It installs
the necessary CRDs and the `submariner-k8s-broker` namespace.

In addition, it generates a `broker-info.subm` file which can be used with the `join` command
to connect clusters to the Broker. This file contains the following details:

 * Encryption PSK key
 * Broker access details for subsequent `subctl` runs.
 * Service discovery settings
 * Globalnet settings

#### deploy-broker flags

| Flag                               | Description
|:-----------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|`--kubeconfig` `<string>`           | Absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s) (default "$HOME/.kube/config")
|`--kubecontext` `<string>`          | kubeconfig context to use
|`--service-discovery`               | Enable Multi Cluster Service Discovery
|`--globalnet`                       | Enable support for Overlapping cluster/service CIDRs in connecting clusters (default disabled)
|`--globalnet-cidr-range` `<string>` | Global CIDR supernet range for allocating GlobalCIDRs to each cluster (default "169.254.0.0/16")

> |`--ipsec-psk-from` `<string>`       | Import IPSEC PSK from existing Submariner broker file, like broker-info.subm (default "broker-info.subm)

Reviewer: Per @sridhargaddam's previous feedback, sent https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-operator/pull/369 to fix the output.

Author: Thanks @dfarrell07  ! :)

| `--service-discovery-repo` `<string>`   | Service Discovery Image repository (default "quay.io/submariner")
| `--service-discovery-version` `<string>`| Service Discovery Image version

### info

`subctl info [flags]`

The `info` command inspects the cluster and reports information related to Submariner, like the
detected network plugin, and the detected Cluster and Service CIDRs.

#### info flags

| Flag                         | Description
|:-----------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `--kubeconfig` `<string>`    | Absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s) (default "$HOME/.kube/config")
| `--kubecontext` `<string>`   | Kubeconfig context to use

### verify-connectivity

`subctl verify-connectivity <kubeConfig1> <kubeConfig2> [flags]`

The `verify-connectivity` command verifies dataplane connectivity between two clusters. The
`kubeConfig1` file will be `ClusterA` in the reports, while `kubeConfig2` will be `ClusterB` in the
reports. The `--verbose` flag is recommended to see what's happening during the tests.

> Dataplane connectivity is verified in multiple ways: between pods and services, between pods and pods,

Author: ```suggestion
Dataplane connectivity is verified in multiple ways:
 * Pods (on gateways) to Services
 * Pods (on non-gateways) to Services
 * Pods (on gateways) to Pods
 * Pods (on non-gateways) to Pods
```

(or `KUBECONFIG` env var) and the `--kubecontext` flag as the Broker. It installs
the necessary CRDs and the `submariner-k8s-broker` namespace.

In addition, it generates a `broker-info.subm` file which can be used with the `join` command
to connect clusters to the Broker. This file contains the following details:

 * Encryption PSK key
 * Broker access details for subsequent `subctl` runs.
 * Service discovery settings
 * Globalnet settings

#### deploy-broker flags

| Flag                               | Description
|:-----------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|`--kubeconfig` `<string>`           | Absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s) (default "$HOME/.kube/config")
|`--kubecontext` `<string>`          | kubeconfig context to use
|`--service-discovery`               | Enable Multi Cluster Service Discovery
|`--globalnet`                       | Enable support for Overlapping cluster/service CIDRs in connecting clusters (default disabled)
|`--globalnet-cidr-range` `<string>` | Global CIDR supernet range for allocating GlobalCIDRs to each cluster (default "169.254.0.0/16")

> |`--ipsec-psk-from` `<string>`       | Import IPSEC PSK from existing Submariner broker file, like broker-info.subm (default "broker-info.subm)

Reviewer 2: small nit: IPsec is sometimes used as IPSEC and sometimes as IPSec in this doc'.

### join

`subctl join broker-info.subm [flags]`

The **join** command deploys the Submariner operator in a cluster using the settings provided in the `broker-info.subm` file.
The service account credentials needed for the new cluster to access the Broker cluster will be created and provided to the Submariner operator
deployment. All the other settings like service discovery enablement and globalnet support are sourced from the
broker-info file.

#### join flags (general)

| Flag                               | Description
|:-----------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `--cable-driver` `<string>`        | Cable driver implementation (defaults to strongswan -IPSec-)
| `--clusterid` `<string>`           | Cluster ID used to identify the tunnels. Every cluster needs to have an unique cluster ID, if not provided `subctl` will prompt the admin for a cluster ID.
| `--clustercidr` `<string>`         | Cluster CIDR specify a cluster CIDR (generally the IP addresses used for the pods in this cluster), if not specified subctl will try to discover this detail, and if it's unable to discover it will prompt the admin.

> | `--colorcodes` `<string>`          | Color codes (default "blue"), coma separated values. Please use with caution, as it may change in the future. This setting is used to make Submariner gateway form connections only with clusters which share the same color code. This will be replaced by something more flexible in the future.

Author: 👍

> | `--colorcodes` `<string>`          | Color codes (default "blue"), coma separated values. Please use with caution, as it may change in the future. This setting is used to make Submariner gateway form connections only with clusters which share the same color code. This will be replaced by something more flexible in the future.

Author: ```suggestion
```

---
title: "subctl"
weight: 10
---

`subctl` is a command line utility designed to simplify the deployment and maintenance of
Submariner across your clusters.

### Synopsis

`subctl [command] [--flags] ...`

### Description

> `subctl` helps to automate the deployment of the Submariner [operator](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-operator) thereby reducing the possibility of mistakes during the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`subctl` helps to automate the deployment of the Submariner [operator](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-operator), thereby reducing the possibility of mistakes during the process.
```

`subctl` connects to specified cluster(s) and performs the requested *command*. 

### Commands

#### deploy-broker

`subctl deploy-broker [flags]`

The **deploy-broker** command configures the cluster specified by the `--kubeconfig` flag
(or `KUBECONFIG` env var) and the `--kubecontext` flag as the Broker. It installs
the necessary CRDs and the `submariner-k8s-broker` namespace.

In addition, it generates a `broker-info.subm` file which can be used with the `join` command
to connect clusters to the Broker. This file contains the following details:

 * Encryption PSK key
 * Broker access details for subsequent `subctl` runs.
 * Service discovery settings
 * Globalnet settings

##### deploy-broker flags

>     -h, --help                           help for deploy-broker

Reviewer 2: IMO you can remove -h for all the commands.

    --kubeconfig <string>                  absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s) (default "$HOME/.kube/config")

    --kubecontext <string>                 kubeconfig context to use

    --service-discovery                  Enable Multi Cluster Service Discovery

    --globalnet                          Enable support for Overlapping cluster/service CIDRs in connecting clusters (default disabled)

    --globalnet-cidr-range <string>        Global CIDR supernet range for allocating GlobalCIDRs to each cluster
                                         (default "169.254.0.0/16")

>     --ipsec-psk-from <string>              Import IPSEC PSK from existing submariner broker file, like broker-info.subm

Reviewer 2: nit: IPsec (looks like this is the standard convention).
We can change if required in subctl. But in our docs' we can follow the standard convention.

Reviewer: Good catch, sent https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-operator/pull/369 to fix the outputs in subctl.

                                         (default "broker-info.subm)

    --dataplane                          Install the Submariner dataplane on the broker

>                                          If this flag is enabled, the broker will be joined as if a join command 

Reviewer 2: Last time I tried --dataplane, it did not work and all our quickstart guides use separate commands for deploy-broker.
Shall we remove this flag from deploy-broker?

                                         --globalnet-cluster-size and configures a specific globalnet CIDR for this
                                         cluster.

##### join flags (IPSec)

    --disable-nat                        Disable NAT for IPsec.

    --ikeport <value>                        IPsec IKE port (default 500)

    --ipsec-debug                        Enable IPsec debugging (verbose logging)

    --nattport int                       IPsec NATT port (default 4500)

##### join flags (images and repositories)

    --repository string                  image repository, the repository from where the various submariner images
                                         will be sourced. (default "quay.io/submariner")

    --version string                     image version

    -o, --operator-image string          the operator image you wish to use
                                         (default "quay.io/submariner/submariner-operator:$version")

    --service-discovery-repo string      Service Discovery Image repository (default "quay.io/submariner")

    --service-discovery-version string   Service Discovery Image version

#### info

> `subctl info broker-info.subm [flags]`

Reviewer 2: Do we really require broker-info.subm? 
I dont have an active cluster to verify, but I was using the command without passing broker-info.subm

The `info` command prints basic information about the network discovery on the cluster. 

##### info flags

    -h, --help             help for info

    --kubeconfig string    absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s) (default "$HOME/.kube/config")

    --kubecontext string   kubeconfig context to use

#### verify-connectivity

`subctl verify-connectivity <kubeConfig1> <kubeConfig2> [flags]`

The `verify-connectivity` command verifies dataplane connectivity between two clusters. The
`kubeConfig1` file will be `ClusterA` in the reports, while `kubeConfig2` will be `ClusterB` in the
reports. The `--verbose` flag is recommended to see what's happening during the tests.

Dataplane connectivity is verified in multiple ways: between pods and services, between pods and pods,

> and between gateway and non-gateway node combinations.

Reviewer 2: Shall we use bullets? For example

* Pods to Pods
* Pods to Services
where Pods are scheduled on Gateway and non-Gateway nodes

---
title: "subctl"
weight: 10
---

> `subctl` is a commandline utility designed to simplify the deployment and maintenance of
> submariner across your clusters.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`subctl` is a command line utility designed to simplify the deployment and maintenance of
Submariner across your clusters.
```

### Synopsis

`subctl [command] [--flags] ...`

### Description

> The subctl program works with [submariner-operator](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-operator).
> It helps automate the operator deployment process reducing the possibility of mistakes during
> the process.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`subctl` helps to automate the deployment of the Submariner [operator](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-operator) thereby reducing the possibility of mistakes during the process.
```

> Subctl connects to your cluster(s) and performs the requested *command*. For the `join`
> command it will deploy the submariner-operator.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`subctl` connects to specified cluster(s) and performs the requested *command*. 
```

### Commands

#### deploy-broker

`subctl deploy-broker [flags]`

> The **deploy-broker** command will configure the cluster pointed out by the `--kubeconfig`
> (or `KUBECONFIG` env var) and the `--kubecontext` flag as the broker. It will install

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The **deploy-broker** command configures the cluster specified by the `--kubeconfig` flag
(or `KUBECONFIG` env var) and the `--kubecontext` flag as the Broker. It installs
```

the necessary CRDs and the `submariner-k8s-broker` namespace.

> It will generate the `broker-info.subm` file which can be used with the `join` command
> to connect clusters to the broker. This file contains the following details:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In addition, it generates a `broker-info.subm` file which can be used with the `join` command
to connect clusters to the Broker. This file contains the following details:
```

 * Encryption PSK key
 * Broker access details for subsequent `subctl` runs.
 * Service discovery settings
 * Globalnet settings

##### deploy-broker flags

    -h, --help                           help for deploy-broker

>     --kubeconfig string                  absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s) (default "$HOME/.kube/config")

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    --kubeconfig <string>                  absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s) (default "$HOME/.kube/config")
```

>     --kubecontext string                 kubeconfig context to use

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    --kubecontext <string>                 kubeconfig context to use
```

    --service-discovery                  Enable Multi Cluster Service Discovery

    --globalnet                          Enable support for Overlapping cluster/service CIDRs in connecting clusters (default disabled)

>     --globalnet-cidr-range string        Global CIDR supernet range for allocating GlobalCIDRs to each cluster

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    --globalnet-cidr-range <string>        Global CIDR supernet range for allocating GlobalCIDRs to each cluster
```

                                         (default "169.254.0.0/16")

>     --ipsec-psk-from string              Import IPSEC PSK from existing submariner broker file, like broker-info.subm

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    --ipsec-psk-from <string>              Import IPSEC PSK from existing submariner broker file, like broker-info.subm
```

                                         (default "broker-info.subm)

    --dataplane                          Install the Submariner dataplane on the broker
                                         If this flag is enabled, the broker will be joined as if a join command 
                                         was run right after deploy-broker. Use the join flags too if you use

>                                          --dataplane.

Reviewer 3: This (somehow) renders as sort of a table with black background in a teletype font. However I don't think it presents nor reads well, eg the description text does not wrap on the column boundary. I think it would look better to use a regular table, eg:

| Flag              | Description
|:------------|:-----------|
| -h, --help    | help for deploy-broker|

Author: Yeah, may be we can try that format.

I believe it would work better if the code coloring javascript didn't trigger for this (does not make sense).

Author: I tried it ... and looks better on the other form (I know, its highly subjective).

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1176434/81384461-fccd3580-9111-11ea-81f4-f9a560e0744e.png)

We need to find a way of fixing the coloring so it does not happen for non-code.

##### deploy-broker flags

| Flag                             | Description                                                                 
|:---------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|--kubeconfig <string>             | absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s) (default "$HOME/.kube/config")
|--kubecontext <string>            | kubeconfig context to use
|--service-discovery               | Enable Multi Cluster Service Discovery
|--globalnet                       | Enable support for Overlapping cluster/service CIDRs in connecting clusters (default disabled)
|--globalnet-cidr-range <string>   | Global CIDR supernet range for allocating GlobalCIDRs to each cluster (default "169.254.0.0/16")
|--ipsec-psk-from <string>         | Import IPSEC PSK from existing Submariner broker file, like broker-info.subm (default "broker-info.subm)
|--dataplane                       | Install the Submariner dataplane on the broker. If this flag is enabled, the broker will be joined as if a join command was run right after deploy-broker. Use the join flags too if you use --dataplane.

Reviewer 2: This ^^ (aka table) looks good for me at least, instead of black background.

Reviewer 3: LGTM too.

#### join

`subctl join broker-info.subm [flags]`

> The **join** command installs submariner in a cluster using the settings provided in the `broker-info.subm` file.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The **join** command deploys the Submariner operator in a cluster using the settings provided in the `broker-info.subm` file.
```

> Broker credentials (service account) for the new cluster will be created in the broker and provided to the Submariner

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The service account credentials needed for the new cluster to access the Broker cluster will be created and provided to the Submariner operator
```

                                         this will disable prompting the administrator for a worker node to use
                                         as gateway.

    --subm-debug                         Enable Submariner debugging (verbose logging)

    --disable-cvo                        disable OpenShift's cluster version operator if necessary, without prompting
                                         currently, lighthouse service modifies the cluster dns operator in OpenShift
                                         and we need to disable CVO, this setting disables the prompt which warns the
                                         administrator.

##### join flags (globalnet)

    --globalnet-cluster-size uint        Cluster size for GlobalCIDR allocated to this cluster (amount of global IPs).

    --globalnet-cidr string              GlobalCIDR to be allocated to the cluster, this setting is exclusive with
                                         --globalnet-cluster-size and configures a specific globalnet CIDR for this
                                         cluster.

##### join flags (IPSec)

    --disable-nat                        Disable NAT for IPsec.

>     --ikeport int                        IPsec IKE port (default 500)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    --ikeport <value>                        IPsec IKE port (default 500)
```

I suggest using **\<value\>** instead of **int** or **uint** in all places.

    --ipsec-debug                        Enable IPsec debugging (verbose logging)

    --nattport int                       IPsec NATT port (default 4500)

##### join flags (images and repositories)

    --repository string                  image repository, the repository from where the various submariner images
                                         will be sourced. (default "quay.io/submariner")

    --version string                     image version

    -o, --operator-image string          the operator image you wish to use
                                         (default "quay.io/submariner/submariner-operator:$version")

    --service-discovery-repo string      Service Discovery Image repository (default "quay.io/submariner")

    --service-discovery-version string   Service Discovery Image version

#### info

`subctl info broker-info.subm [flags]`

> The `info` command prints basic information about the network discovery on the cluster. 

Reviewer 3: "network discovery"? I'm not sure what this refers to.

Author: Ok, I will clarify that.

Author: Done.

##### info flags

    -h, --help             help for info

    --kubeconfig string    absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s) (default "$HOME/.kube/config")

    --kubecontext string   kubeconfig context to use

#### verify-connectivity

`subctl verify-connectivity <kubeConfig1> <kubeConfig2> [flags]`

The `verify-connectivity` command verifies dataplane connectivity between two clusters. The
`kubeConfig1` file will be `ClusterA` in the reports, while `kubeConfig2` will be `ClusterB` in the
reports. The `--verbose` flag is recommended to see what's happening during the tests.

> Dataplane connectivity is verified in multiple ways, between pods and services, pods and pods,
> also between gateway and non-gateway node combinations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Dataplane connectivity is verified in multiple ways: between pods and services, between pods and pods,
and between gateway and non-gateway node combinations.
```

---
title: "subctl"
weight: 10
---

`subctl` is a commandline utility designed to simplify the deployment and maintenance of
submariner across your your clusters.

### Synopsis

`subctl [command] [--flags] ...`

### Description

The subctl program works with the [submariner-operator](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-operator)
it helps automate the operator deployment process reducing the possibility of mistakes during
the process.

> Subctl connects to your cluster(s) and performs the requested *command* operation. For the `join`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Subctl connects to your cluster(s) and performs the requested *command*. For the `join`
```

I read “requested command” (which works nicely because the synopsis is well constructed), “operation” is redundant.

operation it will start by deploying the submariner-operator.

### Commands

#### deploy-broker

`subctl deploy-broker [flags]`

The **deploy-broker** command will configure the cluster pointed out by the `--kubeconfig`

> (or `KUBECONFIG` env var) and the `--kubecontext` flag as the broker. It will install

Author: I'm not saying that it requires them both, but that both of them will be considered during the execution, because sometimes you can just use kubeconfig, and sometimes kubeconfig + kubecontext.

> (or `KUBECONFIG` env var) and the `--kubecontext` flag as the broker. It will install

Author: I think that "and" conveys better what I was trying to explain.

the necessary CRDs and the  `submariner-k8s-broker` namespace.

It will generate the `broker-info.subm` file which can be used with the `join` command
to connect clusters to the broker. This file contains the following details:

 * Encryption PSK key
 * Broker access details for subsequent `subctl` runs.
 * Service discovery settings
 * Globalnet settings

> ##### deploy-broker flags

Reviewer 5: Are you sure to mention all the flags? Perhaps just the major ones?

Author: I called it "detailed" guide ':D I could avoid -h though. But I wanted to document all.

Author: I'm removing the -h's at least, that doesn't help

Author: -h removed at least.

    -h, --help                           help for deploy-broker

    --kubeconfig string                  absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s) (default "$HOME/.kube/config")

    --kubecontext string                 kubeconfig context to use

    --service-discovery                  Enable Multi Cluster Service Discovery

>     --globalnet                          Enable support for Overlapping CIDRs in connecting clusters (default disabled)

Author: Let's do it, but it's just out of subctl -h ... may be we should also send a patch there :)

>     --globalnet                          Enable support for Overlapping CIDRs in connecting clusters (default disabled)

Reviewer 5: That's the problem of copying the output verbatim into the guides.. I find it kind of pointless to play catch up, just document the important flags and anything else can be figured out on the command line.

Either this or have some auto generated docs from the flags for these sections since updating them manually will be a PITA and they're bound to diverge...

    --globalnet-cidr-range string        Global CIDR supernet range for allocating GlobalCIDRs to each cluster
                                         (default "169.254.0.0/16")

    --ipsec-psk-from string              Import IPSEC PSK from existing submariner broker file, like broker-info.subm
                                         (default "broker-info.subm)

    --dataplane                          Install the Submariner dataplane on the broker
                                         if this flag is enabled, the broker will be joined as if a join command 

>                                          was ran right after deploy-broker. Use the join flags too if you use

Author: Oh, I see: https://www.quora.com/Which-is-more-grammatically-correct-was-run-or-was-ran

                                         --dataplane.

#### join

`subctl join broker-info.subm [flags]`

> The **join** command installs submariner in a cluster using the settings provided by the `broker-info.subm` file.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The **join** command installs submariner in a cluster using the settings provided in the `broker-info.subm` file.
```

> Broker credentials (service account) for the new cluster will be created in the broker and provided to the Submariner

Author: Ack, handling that.

> Broker credentials (service account) for the new cluster will be created in the broker and provided to the Submariner

Author: Done.

                                         (defaults to strongswan -IPSec-)

    --clusterid string                   Cluster ID used to identify the tunnels
                                         every cluster needs to have an unique cluster ID, if not provided
                                         subctl will prompt the admin for a cluster ID.

    --clustercidr string                 Cluster CIDR
                                         specify a cluster CIDR (generally the IP addresses used for the pods in this 
                                         cluster), if not specified subctl will try to discover this detail, and if
                                         it's unable to discover it it will prompt the admin.

    --colorcodes string                  color codes (default "blue"), coma separated values
                                         please use with caution, as it may change in the future. This setting is
                                         used to make submariner gateway form connections only with clusters
                                         which share the same color code. This will be replaced by something

>                                          more flexible in the future.

Author: It's incomplete in purpose. I don't want to define the full idea, but I just want the reader to be aware of a future change, and why..

    --no-label                           skip gateway labeling
                                         this will disable prompting the administrator for a worker node to use
                                         as gateway.

    --subm-debug                         Enable Submariner debugging (verbose logging)

    --disable-cvo                        disable OpenShift's cluster version operator if necessary, without prompting
                                         currently, lighthouse service modifies the cluster dns operator in openshift
                                         and we need to disable CVO, this setting disables the prompt which warns the
                                         administrator.

##### join flags (globalnet)

    --globalnet-cluster-size uint        Cluster size for GlobalCIDR allocated to this cluster (amount of global IPs).

    --globalnet-cidr string              GlobalCIDR to be allocated to the cluster, this setting is exclusive with

>                                          --globalnet-cluster-size and configures an specific globalnet CIDR for this

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
                                         --globalnet-cluster-size and configures a specific globalnet CIDR for this
```

                                         cluster.

##### join flags (IPSec)

    --disable-nat                        Disable NAT for IPsec.

    --ikeport int                        IPsec IKE port (default 500)

    --ipsec-debug                        Enable IPsec debugging (verbose logging)

    --nattport int                       IPsec NATT port (default 4500)

> ##### join flags (images and repositories)

Reviewer 6: I liked these bifercation of flags...nice!!

Author: Thanks, we had lots, and I found it confusing and messy ':D

    --repository string                  image repository, the repository from where the various submariner images

>                                          will be sourced from. (default "quay.io/submariner")

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
                                         will be sourced. (default "quay.io/submariner")
```

    --version string                     image version

    -o, --operator-image string          the operator image you wish to use
                                         (default "quay.io/submariner/submariner-operator:$version")

    --service-discovery-repo string      Service Discovery Image repository (default "quay.io/submariner")

    --service-discovery-version string   Service Discovery Image version

#### info

`subctl info broker-info.subm [flags]`

The `info` command prints basic information about the network discovery on the cluster. In the future

> it will show other details about the existing submariner deployment, status and settings.

Reviewer 4: I don’t think documentation should describe future possibilities — it detracts from understanding what the tool can do _now_ (which is what the user cares about), and gives us something more to track...

Author: Ack, let's remove this.

> The `info` command prints basic information about the network discovery on the cluster. In the future
> it will show other details about the existing submariner deployment, status and settings.

Author: ```suggestion
The `info` command prints basic information about the network discovery on the cluster. 
```

##### info flags

    -h, --help             help for info

    --kubeconfig string    absolute path(s) to the kubeconfig file(s) (default "$HOME/.kube/config")

    --kubecontext string   kubeconfig context to use

#### verify-connectivity

`subctl verify-connectivity <kubeConfig1> <kubeConfig2> [flags]`

> The `verify-connectivity` command executes the basic e2e dataplane validation between two clusters. The

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The `verify-connectivity` command verifies dataplane connectivity between two clusters. The
```

Users probably don’t care all that much about our e2e nomenclature ;-).

`kubeConfig1` file will be `ClusterA` in the reports, while `kubeConfig2` will be `ClusterB` in the
reports. The `--verbose` flag is recommended to see what's happening during the tests.

> The dataplane tests validate connectivity in multiple ways, between pods and services, pods and pods,

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Dataplane connectivity is verified in multiple ways, between pods and services, pods and pods,
```
